chore: update readme according to current workflow (#64)
neuefische/web-exercises: README.md

   - Option 2: Download an existing codesandbox (see screenshot below)
3. Commit the changes following [Commit guidelines](./docs/COMMITS.md)
4. Open a new pull request
5. Wait until the pull request has at least 1 approval (enforced by branch protection)

> 6. Add the GitHubBox link to the session exercise (This URL will generate a sandbox from the current main)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add the codesandbox link to the session exercise which was generated with `githubbox`. Don't forget to correct the branchname from your feature branch to `main`.
```

   - Option 2: Download an existing codesandbox (see screenshot below)
3. Commit the changes following [Commit guidelines](./docs/COMMITS.md)
4. Open a new pull request
5. Wait until the pull request has at least 1 approval (enforced by branch protection)

> 6. Add the codesandbox link to the session exercise which was generated with `githubbox`. Don't forget to correct the branchname from your feature branch to `main`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Add the codesandbox link to the session exercise which was generated with `githubbox` (→ change `github.com` to `githubbox.com` in your browser bar). Don't forget to correct the branchname from your feature branch to `main`.
```
